docs: credential injection guide for egress gateway (#1893)
Kuadrant/kuadrant-operator: doc/overviews/auth.md

Authorino [JSON path string modifiers](https://docs.kuadrant.io/latest/authorino/docs/features/#string-modifiers) can also be applied to the selectors within the `when` conditions of an AuthPolicy.

## Egress

> AuthPolicy works on egress gateways with the same attachment model described above. On egress, the primary use case is **credential injection** — authenticating workloads via Kubernetes service account tokens and injecting external API credentials (from Vault) into outbound requests via `metadata.http` + `response.success.headers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AuthPolicy works on egress gateways with the same attachment model described above. On egress, the primary use case is **credential injection** — i.e., authenticating workloads using a common authentication mechanism at the gateway (e.g. Kubernetes service account tokens) and injecting specific external API credentials (e.g. API key fetched from Vault) into the outbound requests, typically replacing the `Authorization` header.
```
